README.md, before:

# ytmp3dl-server

Youtube mp3 downloader - server module.

## `ytmp3dl`

This module uses the [ytmp3dl-core](https://github.com/opensoars/ytmp3dl-core) module.

## Use

`node insta.js` & `POST` to `localhost:3333/downloads/:v`, where v is a youtube video id.

<!---
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server?branch=master)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server.svg?branch=master)](http://inch-ci.org/github/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/f3e64501763645b9aa483bf83a4dd1d5)](https://www.codacy.com/app/sam_1700/ytmp3dl-server)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server)
-->
---

Commit message:

readme @TODO's & travis build badge

README.md, after:

# ytmp3dl-server

Youtube mp3 downloader - server module.

## `ytmp3dl`

This module uses the [ytmp3dl-core](https://github.com/opensoars/ytmp3dl-core) module.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server)

## Install

@TODO

## Use

@TODO

`node insta.js` & `POST` to `localhost:3333/downloads/:v`, where v is a youtube video id.

# Develop

@TODO

Run `npm run gulp-babel` to compile the source code. Run `npm run gulp-watch` to run the `gulp-babel` npm command on file change. Of course `gulp babel` and `gulp watch` can be used when gulp is locally installed.


# Contributing

1. Fork
2. Create your feature branch (git checkout -b my-epic-feature)
3. Commit your changes (git commit -am 'Add epic feature :)')
4. Push to the branch (git push origin my-epic-feature)
5. Create new Pull Request


# Copyright

Copyright (c) 2019 Sam @ Opensoars. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/opensoars/ezreq/blob/master/LICENSE) for details.

<!---
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server?branch=master)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server.svg?branch=master)](http://inch-ci.org/github/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/f3e64501763645b9aa483bf83a4dd1d5)](https://www.codacy.com/app/sam_1700/ytmp3dl-server)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/opensoars/ytmp3dl-server)
-->
---
